SEND: update change avoidance percentage (#1882)
WalletWasabi/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/Send.md

- Not use non-private coins (only use private and semi-private)
- Avoid change

> The suggestion to only use semi-private or private coins is only shown if the amount difference is less than or equal to 15%.

Reviewer: We can add change avoidance here since we don't mention this information elsewhere which we probably should.

```suggestion
The suggestions to only use private or semi-private coins are shown only if the amount decreases at most by 15%.
The suggestion to avoid change is shown only if the amount increases/decreases at most by 15%.
```
